# CZ
CZ is the first Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) augmented face dataset. A step towards Artificial General Intelligence (AGI).

Neil Armstrong — 'That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind'

Download Link: https://www.dropbox.com/s/7elaiwwfjduwkp9/cz_09_02_2018.zip?dl=0

--------------------------------------------------------
Curtó Zarza (CZ) 
--------------------------------------------------------

Department of Computer Science and Engineering, 
The Chinese University of Hong Kong

For more information about the dataset, visit the website:

  https://curto2.github.io/publication/hdcgan/

If you use the dataset in a publication, please cite the paper below:

Curtó, J. D., Zarza, I. C., De La Torre, F., King, I., Lyu, M. R.
High-Resolution Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks. 2017.

Please note that we do not own the copyrights to these images. Their use is RESTRICTED to non-commercial research and educational purposes.

--------------------------------------------------------
Change Log
--------------------------------------------------------

Version 1.0, released on 17/11/2017

Version 1.1, released on 21/11/2017, add labels with attribute information.

Version 1.2, released on 19/01/2018, add supplementary images and labels.

Version 1.3, released on 27/01/2018, add HDCGAN Synthetic Images.

Version 2.0, released on 09/02/2018, add HDCGAN HQ Synthetic Images.

--------------------------------------------------------
File Information
--------------------------------------------------------

- Images (img/cz.zip)
      14,248 cropped face images. Balanced in terms of ethnicity: african american, east-asian, south-asian and white. Mirror images included to enhance pose variation.
- Labels (label/cz.zip)
      JSON files with attribute information: Gender, Age, Ethnicity, Hair Color, Hair Style, Eyes Color, Facial Hair, Glasses, Visible Forehead, Hair Covered and Smile.
- HDCGAN Synthetic Images (hdcgan/cz.zip)
      3,078 face images generated by HDCGAN trained on CelebA dataset. 
	- Images (img/hdcgan/cz.zip)
		      Original 512x512 image size.
  - Resized Images (img_128/hdcgan/cz.zip)
		      128x128 image size. 
- Additional Images (extra/cz.zip)
	- Images (img/extra/cz.zip), Labels (label/extra/cz.zip)
      		3,384 cropped face images with labels, Ethnicity: white.
